README.md, before:

# Eugene Dyko

**Backend Engineer - HeyJobs GmbH**, Germany (August 2019 - present)

- Designed and developed a backend for the jobseeker platform.
- Built a recommendation system integrated with the Content Delivery and CRM services that provides data based on the requested recommendation engine. This involved an API design; data import from files stored in AWS S3 storage and obtained through the data science pipeline; and implementation of recommendations based on Google Cloud Talent Solution API.
- Initiated a separation of the module for logging methods and HTTP calls to the internal library in a monolithic application with the possibility to move it to the Ruby gem that can be used by other services.
- Used technologies: PostgreSQL, Ruby, Ruby on Rails 5, Grape API, RSpec, Sidekiq, Google Cloud Talent Solution API, Mandrill, AWS S3.

**Full Stack Engineer - iTechArt Group**, Belarus (April 2018 - July 2019)

- Worked on a long-term project for a US-based client as a part of the dedicated development team.
- Built an inventory system to manage and track spare parts. Technically, this included a RESTful API design and implementation, covered with tests; structuring the backend data; sending notification emails under certain conditions and creating UI components.
- Implemented a custom fields functionality from scratch both on backend and frontend.
- Mentored a more junior developer.
- Used technologies: MySQL, Ruby, Ruby on Rails 4, RSpec, MiniTest, JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap, QuickBase API, Dropbox API, Mandrill, AWS S3.

**Full Stack Engineer - Itexus**, Belarus (June 2017 - March 2018)

- Worked on a few mid-term projects for US-based clients who need to bootstrap their businesses.
- Built a member invitation system with a custom email template editor. It consists of an email sending statistics; section with actions for sending various types of bulk emails, email template editor and email history.
- Implemented a custom and complex form using form objects design pattern for a product database warehouse app.
- Created new and improved existing UI elements.
- Used technologies: MySQL, Ruby, Ruby on Rails 4/5, Rails Admin, RSpec, Sidekiq, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Heroku.

**Software Engineer - Self-Employed**, Belarus (Feb 2016 – Jul 2017)

- Built a few brand promotion applications with content management functionality for end clients and resellers, incl. CMS features, responsive design, admin panel with Active Admin and deploying with Capistrano.
- Created a prototype of the POS system software for the local coffee shop that is still in use today. My involvement was to develop the user interface and the entire front-end part of the project.
- Used technologies: PostgreSQL, Ruby, Ruby on Rails 4/5, Active Admin, RSpec, Sidekiq, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Heroku.

## Education

**Makers Academy** (2015 - 2016)\
Computer Software Engineering Course

**Belarusian National Technical University** (2003 - 2008)\
Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.), Civil Engineering

## Open Source

**Vuestic Admin** (Jan 2018 – Mar 2018) https://github.com/epicmaxco/vuestic-admin\
Implemented and refactored UI components: slider, language-selector etc.\
Technologies: JavaScript/ES6, Vue.js, Bootstrap, HTML/SASS.


## Languages

English C1 (fluent, certificate IELTS 7.0), German A2/B1 (intermediate), Russian C2 (native)

## Interests

Foreign languages, illustration, interactive and generative design, data visualization.

Commit message:

Update open source section with a new project

README.md, after:

# Eugene Dyko

**Backend Engineer - HeyJobs GmbH**, Germany (August 2019 - present)

- Designed and developed a backend for the jobseeker platform.
- Built a recommendation system integrated with the Content Delivery and CRM services that provides data based on the requested recommendation engine. This involved an API design; data import from files stored in AWS S3 storage and obtained through the data science pipeline; and implementation of recommendations based on Google Cloud Talent Solution API.
- Initiated a separation of the module for logging methods and HTTP calls to the internal library in a monolithic application with the possibility to move it to the Ruby gem that can be used by other services.
- Used technologies: PostgreSQL, Ruby, Ruby on Rails 5, Grape API, RSpec, Sidekiq, Google Cloud Talent Solution API, Mandrill, AWS S3.

**Full Stack Engineer - iTechArt Group**, Belarus (April 2018 - July 2019)

- Worked on a long-term project for a US-based client as a part of the dedicated development team.
- Built an inventory system to manage and track spare parts. Technically, this included a RESTful API design and implementation, covered with tests; structuring the backend data; sending notification emails under certain conditions and creating UI components.
- Implemented a custom fields functionality from scratch both on backend and frontend.
- Mentored a more junior developer.
- Used technologies: MySQL, Ruby, Ruby on Rails 4, RSpec, MiniTest, JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap, QuickBase API, Dropbox API, Mandrill, AWS S3.

**Full Stack Engineer - Itexus**, Belarus (June 2017 - March 2018)

- Worked on a few mid-term projects for US-based clients who need to bootstrap their businesses.
- Built a member invitation system with a custom email template editor. It consists of an email sending statistics; section with actions for sending various types of bulk emails, email template editor and email history.
- Implemented a custom and complex form using form objects design pattern for a product database warehouse app.
- Created new and improved existing UI elements.
- Used technologies: MySQL, Ruby, Ruby on Rails 4/5, Rails Admin, RSpec, Sidekiq, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Heroku.

**Software Engineer - Self-Employed**, Belarus (Feb 2016 – Jul 2017)

- Built a few brand promotion applications with content management functionality for end clients and resellers, incl. CMS features, responsive design, admin panel with Active Admin and deploying with Capistrano.
- Created a prototype of the POS system software for the local coffee shop that is still in use today. My involvement was to develop the user interface and the entire front-end part of the project.
- Used technologies: PostgreSQL, Ruby, Ruby on Rails 4/5, Active Admin, RSpec, Sidekiq, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Heroku.

## Education

**Makers Academy** (2015 - 2016)\
Computer Software Engineering Course

**Belarusian National Technical University** (2003 - 2008)\
Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.), Civil Engineering

## Open Source

[**p5-react-wrapper**](https://github.com/jamesrweb/react-p5-wrapper) (Mar 2021 – present)
- Got involved in maintaining the project through a bug fix in a package.
- Mainly focusing on automating processes and reducing avoidable dependencies and configurations.
- Added linting and formatting to simplify support of the library component.
- Set up CI using GitHub Actions workflow and testing configuration.
- Technologies: TypeScript, JavaScript, React, GitHub Actions.

[**Vuestic Admin**](https://github.com/epicmaxco/vuestic-admin) (Jan 2018 – Mar 2018)
- I was looking for a way to get hands-on experience with Vue.js, so I participated in this project for a while.
- Implemented and refactored a few UI components: slider, language-selector etc.
- Technologies: JavaScript/ES6, Vue.js, Bootstrap, HTML/SASS.

## Languages

English C1 (fluent, certificate IELTS 7.0), German A2/B1 (intermediate), Russian C2 (native)

## Interests

Foreign languages, illustration, interactive and generative design, data visualization.
